- [Narrator] The next couple of customizations
that we are going to see are very specific to
your application so if you have
a requirement where you want the
binary data strategy to be decided
for you application in case you are trying
to work with bytes.
Then this is the mapping that you're looking for.
So by default, of course it will use the
BYTE encoding.
But there are a couple of other binary data strategies
that you can employ with the customized
mapping option available under JSON Binding API.
So, by default if you have,
let's say some bytes.
Some byte data with you in the application,
then the will be using the byte encoding format.
However, you can also use base 64 encoding format
when you try to customize it using this option.
So this option is available on the JsonbConfig object
which means this is going to be possible
at the run time.
It's a run time customization.
So we are going to do a very small demo for this.
Let's come back to the IDE
and let's clear the test class
and let's say this is test binary strategies.
Yes, we've spelt that right.
Let's come to the main method.
Okay.
And I'm going to clear the byte array
like that.
So I'm going to say
JSON
B
is easy to learn.
Okay?
And I'm going to convert this into bytes
so you can do that with the help of
the getBytes API that's available on a
sting object in Java.
Okay, and then,
let's also go to the object mapper.
Let's come down.
Let's come in this
and let's go ahead and on line 40
I'm going to put a
comment saying this is property
for binary
strategy.
Okay.
And what are we going to do on the configure object
we'll take config.
with binary data strategy
and the binary data strategy options
are available on that API itself like that.
So you can choose one of the
three by default as we said it uses the
byte encoding but,
let's say you want to use base 64 encoding
that also is possible.
Okay so let's come back here
and on line 16 in the test class
we are going to make our name be JSON instance first.
Say JSONbBuilder.create.
(keys clicking)
And I'm gonna do two runs.
I'm gonna show you the default byte encoding
that it uses
and once we see the output for that then,
we'll see the output for the base 64 encoding.
Okay and then we'll see that yes,
there is indeed a difference so you can use it
according to your requirement.
So you've created an empty JSONb instance
and what I'm going to say is sys out.
I'm going to use that JSONb instance
and let's say two JSON.
So when you say two JSON,
I'm going to pass that bytes array
Okay.
Alright so I'm going to put a small comment here
the default encoding output
just to make sure that we understand
that there's a difference.
Okay, let's run this.
Yeah, so that's how that
entire byte encoding format is printed.
Okay, now what I'm gonna do,
I'm going to get the object mapper
and pass it to the create API on line 19
because in the configure object
we have set that the encoding style
should be base 64.
Okay, so let's get the
object mapper
get object mapper
and now when we try to output the bytes,
let's see how that output is going to be.
So,
this comment will go out now and now we'll see
the base 64
encoding.
Okay.
So let's run this.
Yes so do you see
that now there is a different encoding mechanism
that it is trying to use for the byte array
that you have in your application.
So you can employ these different kinds of encoding
formats when it comes to binary data strategies.